add example Custom dataTableConfiguration (#402)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 5.x/crud-operation-list-entries.md

If you want a field that is not on table, user can't show it, but will **ALWAYS** be exported use the `exportOnlyField => true`. If used will ignore any other custom visibility you defined.

> #### Custom dataTableConfiguration
> 
> <a name="custom-dataTableConfiguration"></a>
> 
> Example changing field separator in dataTable export to use semicolon (;) instead of comma (,) :
> 
> copy vendor/backpack/crud/src/resources/views/crud/inc/export_buttons.blade.php to resources/views/vendor/backpack/crud/inc/export_buttons.blade.php
> 
> ```php
> {
>     name: 'csvHtml5',
>     extend: 'csvHtml5',
>     fieldSeparator: ';',
>     exportOptions: {
>         columns: function ( idx, data, node ) {
>             var $column = crud.table.column( idx );
>                 return  ($column.visible() && $(node).attr('data-visible-in-export') != 'false') || $(node).attr('data-force-export') == 'true';
>         }
>     },
>     action: function(e, dt, button, config) {
>         crud.responsiveToggle(dt);
>         $.fn.DataTable.ext.buttons.csvHtml5.action.call(this, e, dt, button, config);
>         crud.responsiveToggle(dt);
>     }
> },
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to use different separator in DataTables (eg. semicolon instead of comma)

<a name="custom-dataTableConfiguration"></a>

If you want to change the separator in dataTable export to use semicolon (;) instead of comma (,) :

**Step 1.** Copy vendor/backpack/crud/src/resources/views/crud/inc/export_buttons.blade.php to resources/views/vendor/backpack/crud/inc/export_buttons.blade.php

**Step 2.** Change it in your `dataTableConfiguration`:
```php
{
    name: 'csvHtml5',
    extend: 'csvHtml5',
    fieldSeparator: ';',
    exportOptions: {
        columns: function ( idx, data, node ) {
            var $column = crud.table.column( idx );
                return  ($column.visible() && $(node).attr('data-visible-in-export') != 'false') || $(node).attr('data-force-export') == 'true';
        }
    },
    action: function(e, dt, button, config) {
        crud.responsiveToggle(dt);
        $.fn.DataTable.ext.buttons.csvHtml5.action.call(this, e, dt, button, config);
        crud.responsiveToggle(dt);
    }
},
```
```
